The stuffiness and odor of the room and the exertion of the day are catching up to you. You open the window to get some fresh air. When you put your head outside to take a few deep breaths, you look down and find yourself staring at the exact scene of the crime, located directly below the chimesmaster’s window. Coincidence? /Still in the chimesmaster’s office you notice a weird smell. Following it to its source, you come upon a small pile of rat poison behind the door. But it’s not just on the floor. You find another pile on the desk, by the photograph, and another by the windowsill. Examining the poison, you confirm that it is the same brand that Floster said he bought for the chimesmaster. It looks like he was telling the truth./You try calling Happy Dave in order to set up another meeting to more in detail, but he doesn’t pick up either./You decide to make a call to the chimesmaster, expecting him to pick up because he had told you earlier that he would be free by now. The phone rings a couple of times before going to voicemail. Did the chimesmaster just reject your call?You enter what must be the chimesmaster’s main office, locking the door behind you. On his desk, you see a framed photograph placed face-down. Was the photograph intentionally placed in that way? You reach over to turn it around, only to find the smiling faces of the deceased and the chimesmaster looking back at you./Feeling as though a piece of the puzzle is still missing, you head back up the clock tower. This time, you make sure to check every room on the way to the main upper section, and are careful to look over your shoulder every time you hear the slightest sound from behind you. /You are suspicious of everyone you have spoken to today, but are unsure how to proceed. Unfortunately for you, time is ticking and your supervisor at the FBI will be expecting an update from you very soon./Later that day, you search the offices and vehicles of Floster and Grees. Nothing seems out of the ordinary until you get to Floster’s car, where you find a handwritten note in the glove compartment stating the date and time of the crime. Who wrote the note, and what could this mean?/When you ask Floster if he knows anything about poison, he mentions the chimesmaster having requested some rat poison to deal with an alleged infestation in the clock tower. “I was just supposed to deliver the poison to him. I guess he must’ve taken it from my car while I slept because it’s not in my glove compartment anymore.”/After a little small talk, Floster admits, in response to your line of questioning, that he was indeed out late on the night of the death. He was sitting in his car, which was parked in the lot directly adjacent to Willard Straight Hall, and the clock tower. “I was waiting to meet with the chimesmaster after the final concert of the day, but I must have fallen asleep while waiting.”/You wait for the notorious CS 3110 lecture to end before approaching Floster up at the auditorium podium. He smiles at you warmly when he sees you, but do his eyes look colder and shiftier than they did when you were an undergrad?/Having had little luck with Grees, you decide to track down Floster instead. You head over to Gates, but are told by the advising department that the professor is currently lecturing in Kennedy Hall. Exasperated, you begin the trek over to the Ag Quad./You try to ask Grees some more questions but he turns away from you and leaves in a hurry, muttering something about his 59 years of programming experience.  /After parting ways with Happy Dave, you run into Grees, who is behaving slightly more weirdly than you remember him. When you ask him if he knows anything about the death on campus, he deflects the question, saying he saw Floster doing some shady stuff in his car late at night. Did he say something about poison?/You ask Dave when the student left the party. He says: “I think he left early, guess he needed to be in bed for his morning shift at the clock tower. Ah, what a great musician he was. Maybe even better than the chimemaster.”/You ask Dave who his friend was. He seems kind of anxious to answer you. He says: “it was a CS student who always ate at Okenshield’s and chatted with me. Last night, he was also there for the super popular breakfast party.”/You head to Ho Plaza. On your way there, you see Happy Dave. He does not seem so happy anymore. You ask what’s going on. He says that one of his young friends has passed away, only hours after they said goodbye. Curious, how does Dave know the student personally?/You climb all 161 steps of the clock tower. The view is great, but don’t let that distract you. You show the chimemaster your ID and tell him you that you have questions. He says that he has to play the morning concert, but you can call him later that day./There is nothing around the body. No weapon. The police team is working on the scene. Is it possible that he jumped? Or maybe… someone pushed him?/You are in front of the clock tower. It is cold and dark, exactly how you remember Cornell to be.